What does it mean? If you ask me, you will know it in the early stage.
Miss, how on earth did this happen?
You tell me, it doesn't matter, I'm not important,
My dear is always there, really.
In fact, I am not a daughter-in-law at all.
I'm just a real family story.
What, you are not the eldest daughter of your in-laws?
Xixi, I should say that I love you,
I really love you and I want to be with you forever.
Can't help me wish you my company at all,
From beginning to end, he was brushing me off.
So at first I said that I have a relationship with my in-laws,
You are very good to me.
No, am I talking? Please play the violin
You care about me again
I just miss you all over Xiaoqin
I helped you in the morning, how come you got it?
And my heart
Why did you agree to see me?
I helped you badly last time
It's a lie
OK, walk
I want to see you
You are not in danger
is us
Tonight is my business with Koharu, Koharu
I kill you
Stop hitting you
Stop hitting Quan Qing
The police are coming
Let's go
Don't be cold
It won't be destroyed if we leave. Don't run away tonight. I'll leave.